page_type: reference
<style>{% include "site-assets/css/style.css" %}</style>
<script src="/_static/js/managed/mathjax/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_SVG"></script>

<!-- DO NOT EDIT! Automatically generated file. -->

# Module: tf.compat.v2


<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>



Bring in all of the public TensorFlow interface into this module.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->


## Modules

[`audio`](../../tf/compat/v2/audio) module: Public API for tf.audio namespace.

[`autograph`](../../tf/compat/v2/autograph) module: Conversion of plain Python into TensorFlow graph code.

[`bitwise`](../../tf/compat/v2/bitwise) module: Operations for manipulating the binary representations of integers.

[`compat`](../../tf/compat/v2/compat) module: Functions for Python 2 vs. 3 compatibility.

[`config`](../../tf/compat/v2/config) module: Public API for tf.config namespace.

[`data`](../../tf/compat/v2/data) module: <a href="../../tf/data/Dataset"><code>tf.data.Dataset</code></a> API for input pipelines.

[`debugging`](../../tf/compat/v2/debugging) module: Public API for tf.debugging namespace.

[`distribute`](../../tf/compat/v2/distribute) module: Library for running a computation across multiple devices.

[`dtypes`](../../tf/compat/v2/dtypes) module: Public API for tf.dtypes namespace.

[`errors`](../../tf/compat/v2/errors) module: Exception types for TensorFlow errors.

[`estimator`](../../tf/compat/v2/estimator) module: Estimator: High level tools for working with models.

[`experimental`](../../tf/compat/v2/experimental) module: Public API for tf.experimental namespace.

[`feature_column`](../../tf/compat/v2/feature_column) module: Public API for tf.feature_column namespace.

[`graph_util`](../../tf/compat/v2/graph_util) module: Helpers to manipulate a tensor graph in python.

[`image`](../../tf/compat/v2/image) module: Image processing and decoding ops.

[`initializers`](../../tf/compat/v2/keras/initializers) module: Keras initializer serialization / deserialization.

[`io`](../../tf/compat/v2/io) module: Public API for tf.io namespace.

[`keras`](../../tf/compat/v2/keras) module: Implementation of the Keras API meant to be a high-level API for TensorFlow.

[`linalg`](../../tf/compat/v2/linalg) module: Operations for linear algebra.

[`lite`](../../tf/compat/v2/lite) module: Public API for tf.lite namespace.

[`lookup`](../../tf/compat/v2/lookup) module: Public API for tf.lookup namespace.

[`losses`](../../tf/compat/v2/keras/losses) module: Built-in loss functions.

[`math`](../../tf/compat/v2/math) module: Math Operations.

[`metrics`](../../tf/compat/v2/keras/metrics) module: Built-in metrics.

[`nest`](../../tf/compat/v2/nest) module: Public API for tf.nest namespace.

[`nn`](../../tf/compat/v2/nn) module: Wrappers for primitive Neural Net (NN) Operations.

[`optimizers`](../../tf/compat/v2/keras/optimizers) module: Built-in optimizer classes.

[`quantization`](../../tf/compat/v2/quantization) module: Public API for tf.quantization namespace.

[`queue`](../../tf/compat/v2/queue) module: Public API for tf.queue namespace.

[`ragged`](../../tf/compat/v2/ragged) module: Ragged Tensors.

[`random`](../../tf/compat/v2/random) module: Public API for tf.random namespace.

[`raw_ops`](../../tf/compat/v2/raw_ops) module: Public API for tf.raw_ops namespace.

[`saved_model`](../../tf/compat/v2/saved_model) module: Public API for tf.saved_model namespace.

[`sets`](../../tf/compat/v2/sets) module: Tensorflow set operations.

[`signal`](../../tf/compat/v2/signal) module: Signal processing operations.

[`sparse`](../../tf/compat/v2/sparse) module: Sparse Tensor Representation.

[`strings`](../../tf/compat/v2/strings) module: Operations for working with string Tensors.

[`summary`](../../tf/summary) module: Operations for writing summary data, for use in analysis and visualization.

[`sysconfig`](../../tf/compat/v2/sysconfig) module: System configuration library.

[`test`](../../tf/compat/v2/test) module: Testing.

[`tpu`](../../tf/compat/v2/tpu) module: Ops related to Tensor Processing Units.

[`train`](../../tf/compat/v2/train) module: Support for training models.

[`version`](../../tf/compat/v2/version) module: Public API for tf.version namespace.

[`xla`](../../tf/compat/v2/xla) module: Public API for tf.xla namespace.

## Classes

[`class AggregationMethod`](../../tf/AggregationMethod): A class listing aggregation methods used to combine gradients.

[`class CriticalSection`](../../tf/CriticalSection): Critical section.

[`class DType`](../../tf/dtypes/DType): Represents the type of the elements in a `Tensor`.

[`class DeviceSpec`](../../tf/DeviceSpec): Represents a (possibly partial) specification for a TensorFlow device.

[`class GradientTape`](../../tf/GradientTape): Record operations for automatic differentiation.

[`class Graph`](../../tf/Graph): A TensorFlow computation, represented as a dataflow graph.

[`class IndexedSlices`](../../tf/IndexedSlices): A sparse representation of a set of tensor slices at given indices.

[`class IndexedSlicesSpec`](../../tf/IndexedSlicesSpec): Type specification for a <a href="../../tf/IndexedSlices"><code>tf.IndexedSlices</code></a>.

[`class Module`](../../tf/Module): Base neural network module class.

[`class Operation`](../../tf/Operation): Represents a graph node that performs computation on tensors.

[`class OptionalSpec`](../../tf/OptionalSpec): Represents an optional potentially containing a structured value.

[`class RaggedTensor`](../../tf/RaggedTensor): Represents a ragged tensor.

[`class RaggedTensorSpec`](../../tf/RaggedTensorSpec): Type specification for a <a href="../../tf/RaggedTensor"><code>tf.RaggedTensor</code></a>.

[`class RegisterGradient`](../../tf/RegisterGradient): A decorator for registering the gradient function for an op type.

[`class SparseTensor`](../../tf/sparse/SparseTensor): Represents a sparse tensor.

[`class SparseTensorSpec`](../../tf/SparseTensorSpec): Type specification for a <a href="../../tf/sparse/SparseTensor"><code>tf.SparseTensor</code></a>.

[`class Tensor`](../../tf/Tensor): Represents one of the outputs of an `Operation`.

[`class TensorArray`](../../tf/TensorArray): Class wrapping dynamic-sized, per-time-step, write-once Tensor arrays.

[`class TensorArraySpec`](../../tf/TensorArraySpec): Type specification for a <a href="../../tf/TensorArray"><code>tf.TensorArray</code></a>.

[`class TensorShape`](../../tf/TensorShape): Represents the shape of a `Tensor`.

[`class TensorSpec`](../../tf/TensorSpec): Describes a tf.Tensor.

[`class TypeSpec`](../../tf/TypeSpec): Specifies a TensorFlow value type.

[`class UnconnectedGradients`](../../tf/UnconnectedGradients): Controls how gradient computation behaves when y does not depend on x.

[`class Variable`](../../tf/Variable): See the [Variables Guide](https://tensorflow.org/guide/variables).

[`class VariableAggregation`](../../tf/VariableAggregation): Indicates how a distributed variable will be aggregated.

[`class VariableSynchronization`](../../tf/VariableSynchronization): Indicates when a distributed variable will be synced.

[`class constant_initializer`](../../tf/constant_initializer): Initializer that generates tensors with constant values.

[`class name_scope`](../../tf/name_scope): A context manager for use when defining a Python op.

[`class ones_initializer`](../../tf/ones_initializer): Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 1.

[`class random_normal_initializer`](../../tf/random_normal_initializer): Initializer that generates tensors with a normal distribution.

[`class random_uniform_initializer`](../../tf/random_uniform_initializer): Initializer that generates tensors with a uniform distribution.

[`class zeros_initializer`](../../tf/zeros_initializer): Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 0.

## Functions

[`Assert(...)`](../../tf/debugging/Assert): Asserts that the given condition is true.

[`abs(...)`](../../tf/math/abs): Computes the absolute value of a tensor.

[`acos(...)`](../../tf/math/acos): Computes acos of x element-wise.

[`acosh(...)`](../../tf/math/acosh): Computes inverse hyperbolic cosine of x element-wise.

[`add(...)`](../../tf/math/add): Returns x + y element-wise.

[`add_n(...)`](../../tf/math/add_n): Adds all input tensors element-wise.

[`argmax(...)`](../../tf/math/argmax): Returns the index with the largest value across axes of a tensor.

[`argmin(...)`](../../tf/math/argmin): Returns the index with the smallest value across axes of a tensor.

[`argsort(...)`](../../tf/argsort): Returns the indices of a tensor that give its sorted order along an axis.

[`as_dtype(...)`](../../tf/dtypes/as_dtype): Converts the given `type_value` to a `DType`.

[`as_string(...)`](../../tf/strings/as_string): Converts each entry in the given tensor to strings.

[`asin(...)`](../../tf/math/asin): Computes the trignometric inverse sine of x element-wise.

[`asinh(...)`](../../tf/math/asinh): Computes inverse hyperbolic sine of x element-wise.

[`assert_equal(...)`](../../tf/debugging/assert_equal): Assert the condition `x == y` holds element-wise.

[`assert_greater(...)`](../../tf/debugging/assert_greater): Assert the condition `x > y` holds element-wise.

[`assert_less(...)`](../../tf/debugging/assert_less): Assert the condition `x < y` holds element-wise.

[`assert_rank(...)`](../../tf/debugging/assert_rank): Assert that `x` has rank equal to `rank`.

[`atan(...)`](../../tf/math/atan): Computes the trignometric inverse tangent of x element-wise.

[`atan2(...)`](../../tf/math/atan2): Computes arctangent of `y/x` element-wise, respecting signs of the arguments.

[`atanh(...)`](../../tf/math/atanh): Computes inverse hyperbolic tangent of x element-wise.

[`batch_to_space(...)`](../../tf/batch_to_space): BatchToSpace for N-D tensors of type T.

[`bitcast(...)`](../../tf/bitcast): Bitcasts a tensor from one type to another without copying data.

[`boolean_mask(...)`](../../tf/boolean_mask): Apply boolean mask to tensor.

[`broadcast_dynamic_shape(...)`](../../tf/broadcast_dynamic_shape): Computes the shape of a broadcast given symbolic shapes.

[`broadcast_static_shape(...)`](../../tf/broadcast_static_shape): Computes the shape of a broadcast given known shapes.

[`broadcast_to(...)`](../../tf/broadcast_to): Broadcast an array for a compatible shape.

[`case(...)`](../../tf/case): Create a case operation.

[`cast(...)`](../../tf/dtypes/cast): Casts a tensor to a new type.

[`clip_by_global_norm(...)`](../../tf/clip_by_global_norm): Clips values of multiple tensors by the ratio of the sum of their norms.

[`clip_by_norm(...)`](../../tf/clip_by_norm): Clips tensor values to a maximum L2-norm.

[`clip_by_value(...)`](../../tf/clip_by_value): Clips tensor values to a specified min and max.

[`complex(...)`](../../tf/dtypes/complex): Converts two real numbers to a complex number.

[`concat(...)`](../../tf/concat): Concatenates tensors along one dimension.

[`cond(...)`](../../tf/cond): Return `true_fn()` if the predicate `pred` is true else `false_fn()`.

[`constant(...)`](../../tf/constant): Creates a constant tensor.

[`control_dependencies(...)`](../../tf/control_dependencies): Wrapper for `Graph.control_dependencies()` using the default graph.

[`convert_to_tensor(...)`](../../tf/convert_to_tensor): Converts the given `value` to a `Tensor`.

[`cos(...)`](../../tf/math/cos): Computes cos of x element-wise.

[`cosh(...)`](../../tf/math/cosh): Computes hyperbolic cosine of x element-wise.

[`cumsum(...)`](../../tf/math/cumsum): Compute the cumulative sum of the tensor `x` along `axis`.

[`custom_gradient(...)`](../../tf/custom_gradient): Decorator to define a function with a custom gradient.

[`device(...)`](../../tf/device): Specifies the device for ops created/executed in this context.

[`divide(...)`](../../tf/math/divide): Computes Python style division of `x` by `y`.

[`dynamic_partition(...)`](../../tf/dynamic_partition): Partitions `data` into `num_partitions` tensors using indices from `partitions`.

[`dynamic_stitch(...)`](../../tf/dynamic_stitch): Interleave the values from the `data` tensors into a single tensor.

[`edit_distance(...)`](../../tf/edit_distance): Computes the Levenshtein distance between sequences.

[`einsum(...)`](../../tf/einsum): A generalized contraction between tensors of arbitrary dimension.

[`enable_v2_behavior(...)`](../../tf/compat/v1/enable_v2_behavior): Enables TensorFlow 2.x behaviors.

[`ensure_shape(...)`](../../tf/ensure_shape): Updates the shape of a tensor and checks at runtime that the shape holds.

[`equal(...)`](../../tf/math/equal): Returns the truth value of (x == y) element-wise.

[`executing_eagerly(...)`](../../tf/executing_eagerly): Returns True if the current thread has eager execution enabled.

[`exp(...)`](../../tf/math/exp): Computes exponential of x element-wise.  \\(y = e^x\\).

[`expand_dims(...)`](../../tf/expand_dims): Inserts a dimension of 1 into a tensor's shape.

[`extract_volume_patches(...)`](../../tf/extract_volume_patches): Extract `patches` from `input` and put them in the "depth" output dimension. 3D extension of `extract_image_patches`.

[`eye(...)`](../../tf/eye): Construct an identity matrix, or a batch of matrices.

[`fill(...)`](../../tf/fill): Creates a tensor filled with a scalar value.

[`fingerprint(...)`](../../tf/fingerprint): Generates fingerprint values.

[`floor(...)`](../../tf/math/floor): Returns element-wise largest integer not greater than x.

[`foldl(...)`](../../tf/foldl): foldl on the list of tensors unpacked from `elems` on dimension 0.

[`foldr(...)`](../../tf/foldr): foldr on the list of tensors unpacked from `elems` on dimension 0.

[`function(...)`](../../tf/function): Creates a callable TensorFlow graph from a Python function.

[`gather(...)`](../../tf/gather): Gather slices from params axis axis according to indices.

[`gather_nd(...)`](../../tf/gather_nd): Gather slices from `params` into a Tensor with shape specified by `indices`.

[`get_logger(...)`](../../tf/get_logger): Return TF logger instance.

[`get_static_value(...)`](../../tf/get_static_value): Returns the constant value of the given tensor, if efficiently calculable.

[`grad_pass_through(...)`](../../tf/grad_pass_through): Creates a grad-pass-through op with the forward behavior provided in f.

[`gradients(...)`](../../tf/gradients): Constructs symbolic derivatives of sum of `ys` w.r.t. x in `xs`.

[`greater(...)`](../../tf/math/greater): Returns the truth value of (x > y) element-wise.

[`greater_equal(...)`](../../tf/math/greater_equal): Returns the truth value of (x >= y) element-wise.

[`group(...)`](../../tf/group): Create an op that groups multiple operations.

[`guarantee_const(...)`](../../tf/guarantee_const): Gives a guarantee to the TF runtime that the input tensor is a constant.

[`hessians(...)`](../../tf/hessians): Constructs the Hessian of sum of `ys` with respect to `x` in `xs`.

[`histogram_fixed_width(...)`](../../tf/histogram_fixed_width): Return histogram of values.

[`histogram_fixed_width_bins(...)`](../../tf/histogram_fixed_width_bins): Bins the given values for use in a histogram.

[`identity(...)`](../../tf/identity): Return a tensor with the same shape and contents as input.

[`identity_n(...)`](../../tf/identity_n): Returns a list of tensors with the same shapes and contents as the input

[`import_graph_def(...)`](../../tf/graph_util/import_graph_def): Imports the graph from `graph_def` into the current default `Graph`. (deprecated arguments)

[`init_scope(...)`](../../tf/init_scope): A context manager that lifts ops out of control-flow scopes and function-building graphs.

[`is_tensor(...)`](../../tf/is_tensor): Checks whether `x` is a tensor or "tensor-like".

[`less(...)`](../../tf/math/less): Returns the truth value of (x < y) element-wise.

[`less_equal(...)`](../../tf/math/less_equal): Returns the truth value of (x <= y) element-wise.

[`linspace(...)`](../../tf/linspace): Generates values in an interval.

[`load_library(...)`](../../tf/load_library): Loads a TensorFlow plugin.

[`load_op_library(...)`](../../tf/load_op_library): Loads a TensorFlow plugin, containing custom ops and kernels.

[`logical_and(...)`](../../tf/math/logical_and): Returns the truth value of x AND y element-wise.

[`logical_not(...)`](../../tf/math/logical_not): Returns the truth value of NOT x element-wise.

[`logical_or(...)`](../../tf/math/logical_or): Returns the truth value of x OR y element-wise.

[`make_ndarray(...)`](../../tf/make_ndarray): Create a numpy ndarray from a tensor.

[`make_tensor_proto(...)`](../../tf/make_tensor_proto): Create a TensorProto.

[`map_fn(...)`](../../tf/map_fn): map on the list of tensors unpacked from `elems` on dimension 0.

[`matmul(...)`](../../tf/linalg/matmul): Multiplies matrix `a` by matrix `b`, producing `a` * `b`.

[`matrix_square_root(...)`](../../tf/linalg/sqrtm): Computes the matrix square root of one or more square matrices:

[`maximum(...)`](../../tf/math/maximum): Returns the max of x and y (i.e. x > y ? x : y) element-wise.

[`meshgrid(...)`](../../tf/meshgrid): Broadcasts parameters for evaluation on an N-D grid.

[`minimum(...)`](../../tf/math/minimum): Returns the min of x and y (i.e. x < y ? x : y) element-wise.

[`multiply(...)`](../../tf/math/multiply): Returns x * y element-wise.

[`negative(...)`](../../tf/math/negative): Computes numerical negative value element-wise.

[`no_gradient(...)`](../../tf/no_gradient): Specifies that ops of type `op_type` is not differentiable.

[`no_op(...)`](../../tf/no_op): Does nothing. Only useful as a placeholder for control edges.

[`nondifferentiable_batch_function(...)`](../../tf/nondifferentiable_batch_function): Batches the computation done by the decorated function.

[`norm(...)`](../../tf/norm): Computes the norm of vectors, matrices, and tensors.

[`not_equal(...)`](../../tf/math/not_equal): Returns the truth value of (x != y) element-wise.

[`numpy_function(...)`](../../tf/numpy_function): Wraps a python function and uses it as a TensorFlow op.

[`one_hot(...)`](../../tf/one_hot): Returns a one-hot tensor.

[`ones(...)`](../../tf/ones): Creates a tensor with all elements set to 1.

[`ones_like(...)`](../../tf/ones_like): Creates a tensor with all elements set to one.

[`pad(...)`](../../tf/pad): Pads a tensor.

[`parallel_stack(...)`](../../tf/parallel_stack): Stacks a list of rank-`R` tensors into one rank-`(R+1)` tensor in parallel.

[`pow(...)`](../../tf/math/pow): Computes the power of one value to another.

[`print(...)`](../../tf/print): Print the specified inputs.

[`py_function(...)`](../../tf/py_function): Wraps a python function into a TensorFlow op that executes it eagerly.

[`range(...)`](../../tf/range): Creates a sequence of numbers.

[`rank(...)`](../../tf/rank): Returns the rank of a tensor.

[`realdiv(...)`](../../tf/realdiv): Returns x / y element-wise for real types.

[`recompute_grad(...)`](../../tf/recompute_grad): An eager-compatible version of recompute_grad.

[`reduce_all(...)`](../../tf/reduce_all): Computes the "logical and" of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_any(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_any): Computes the "logical or" of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_logsumexp(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_logsumexp): Computes log(sum(exp(elements across dimensions of a tensor))).

[`reduce_max(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_max): Computes the maximum of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_mean(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_mean): Computes the mean of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_min(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_min): Computes the minimum of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_prod(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_prod): Computes the product of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`reduce_sum(...)`](../../tf/math/reduce_sum): Computes the sum of elements across dimensions of a tensor.

[`register_tensor_conversion_function(...)`](../../tf/register_tensor_conversion_function): Registers a function for converting objects of `base_type` to `Tensor`.

[`required_space_to_batch_paddings(...)`](../../tf/required_space_to_batch_paddings): Calculate padding required to make block_shape divide input_shape.

[`reshape(...)`](../../tf/reshape): Reshapes a tensor.

[`reverse(...)`](../../tf/reverse): Reverses specific dimensions of a tensor.

[`reverse_sequence(...)`](../../tf/reverse_sequence): Reverses variable length slices.

[`roll(...)`](../../tf/roll): Rolls the elements of a tensor along an axis.

[`round(...)`](../../tf/math/round): Rounds the values of a tensor to the nearest integer, element-wise.

[`saturate_cast(...)`](../../tf/dtypes/saturate_cast): Performs a safe saturating cast of `value` to `dtype`.

[`scalar_mul(...)`](../../tf/math/scalar_mul): Multiplies a scalar times a `Tensor` or `IndexedSlices` object.

[`scan(...)`](../../tf/scan): scan on the list of tensors unpacked from `elems` on dimension 0.

[`scatter_nd(...)`](../../tf/scatter_nd): Scatter `updates` into a new tensor according to `indices`.

[`searchsorted(...)`](../../tf/searchsorted): Searches input tensor for values on the innermost dimension.

[`sequence_mask(...)`](../../tf/sequence_mask): Returns a mask tensor representing the first N positions of each cell.

[`shape(...)`](../../tf/shape): Returns the shape of a tensor.

[`shape_n(...)`](../../tf/shape_n): Returns shape of tensors.

[`sigmoid(...)`](../../tf/math/sigmoid): Computes sigmoid of `x` element-wise.

[`sign(...)`](../../tf/math/sign): Returns an element-wise indication of the sign of a number.

[`sin(...)`](../../tf/math/sin): Computes sine of x element-wise.

[`sinh(...)`](../../tf/math/sinh): Computes hyperbolic sine of x element-wise.

[`size(...)`](../../tf/size)

[`slice(...)`](../../tf/slice): Extracts a slice from a tensor.

[`sort(...)`](../../tf/sort): Sorts a tensor.

[`space_to_batch(...)`](../../tf/space_to_batch): SpaceToBatch for N-D tensors of type T.

[`space_to_batch_nd(...)`](../../tf/space_to_batch_nd): SpaceToBatch for N-D tensors of type T.

[`split(...)`](../../tf/split): Splits a tensor into sub tensors.

[`sqrt(...)`](../../tf/math/sqrt): Computes square root of x element-wise.

[`square(...)`](../../tf/math/square): Computes square of x element-wise.

[`squeeze(...)`](../../tf/squeeze): Removes dimensions of size 1 from the shape of a tensor.

[`stack(...)`](../../tf/stack): Stacks a list of rank-`R` tensors into one rank-`(R+1)` tensor.

[`stop_gradient(...)`](../../tf/stop_gradient): Stops gradient computation.

[`strided_slice(...)`](../../tf/strided_slice): Extracts a strided slice of a tensor (generalized python array indexing).

[`subtract(...)`](../../tf/math/subtract): Returns x - y element-wise.

[`switch_case(...)`](../../tf/switch_case): Create a switch/case operation, i.e. an integer-indexed conditional.

[`tan(...)`](../../tf/math/tan): Computes tan of x element-wise.

[`tanh(...)`](../../tf/math/tanh): Computes hyperbolic tangent of `x` element-wise.

[`tensor_scatter_nd_add(...)`](../../tf/tensor_scatter_nd_add): Adds sparse `updates` to an existing tensor according to `indices`.

[`tensor_scatter_nd_sub(...)`](../../tf/tensor_scatter_nd_sub): Subtracts sparse `updates` from an existing tensor according to `indices`.

[`tensor_scatter_nd_update(...)`](../../tf/tensor_scatter_nd_update): Scatter `updates` into an existing tensor according to `indices`.

[`tensordot(...)`](../../tf/tensordot): Tensor contraction of a and b along specified axes.

[`tile(...)`](../../tf/tile): Constructs a tensor by tiling a given tensor.

[`timestamp(...)`](../../tf/timestamp): Provides the time since epoch in seconds.

[`transpose(...)`](../../tf/transpose): Transposes `a`.

[`truediv(...)`](../../tf/math/truediv): Divides x / y elementwise (using Python 3 division operator semantics).

[`truncatediv(...)`](../../tf/truncatediv): Returns x / y element-wise for integer types.

[`truncatemod(...)`](../../tf/truncatemod): Returns element-wise remainder of division. This emulates C semantics in that

[`tuple(...)`](../../tf/tuple): Group tensors together.

[`unique(...)`](../../tf/unique): Finds unique elements in a 1-D tensor.

[`unique_with_counts(...)`](../../tf/unique_with_counts): Finds unique elements in a 1-D tensor.

[`unravel_index(...)`](../../tf/unravel_index): Converts a flat index or array of flat indices into a tuple of

[`unstack(...)`](../../tf/unstack): Unpacks the given dimension of a rank-`R` tensor into rank-`(R-1)` tensors.

[`variable_creator_scope(...)`](../../tf/variable_creator_scope): Scope which defines a variable creation function to be used by variable().

[`vectorized_map(...)`](../../tf/vectorized_map): Parallel map on the list of tensors unpacked from `elems` on dimension 0.

[`where(...)`](../../tf/where): Return the elements, either from `x` or `y`, depending on the `condition`.

[`while_loop(...)`](../../tf/while_loop): Repeat `body` while the condition `cond` is true.

[`zeros(...)`](../../tf/zeros): Creates a tensor with all elements set to zero.

[`zeros_like(...)`](../../tf/zeros_like): Creates a tensor with all elements set to zero.

## Other Members

* `__version__ = '2.0.0-rc2'` <a id="__version__"></a>
* `bfloat16` <a id="bfloat16"></a>
* `bool` <a id="bool"></a>
* `complex128` <a id="complex128"></a>
* `complex64` <a id="complex64"></a>
* `double` <a id="double"></a>
* `float16` <a id="float16"></a>
* `float32` <a id="float32"></a>
* `float64` <a id="float64"></a>
* `half` <a id="half"></a>
* `int16` <a id="int16"></a>
* `int32` <a id="int32"></a>
* `int64` <a id="int64"></a>
* `int8` <a id="int8"></a>
* `qint16` <a id="qint16"></a>
* `qint32` <a id="qint32"></a>
* `qint8` <a id="qint8"></a>
* `quint16` <a id="quint16"></a>
* `quint8` <a id="quint8"></a>
* `resource` <a id="resource"></a>
* `string` <a id="string"></a>
* `uint16` <a id="uint16"></a>
* `uint32` <a id="uint32"></a>
* `uint64` <a id="uint64"></a>
* `uint8` <a id="uint8"></a>
* `variant` <a id="variant"></a>
