page_type: reference
<style>{% include "site-assets/css/style.css" %}</style>

<!-- DO NOT EDIT! Automatically generated file. -->

# tf.math.truediv

Divides x / y elementwise (using Python 3 division operator semantics).

### Aliases:

* `tf.RaggedTensor.__truediv__`
* `tf.compat.v1.RaggedTensor.__truediv__`
* `tf.compat.v1.math.truediv`
* `tf.compat.v1.truediv`
* `tf.compat.v2.RaggedTensor.__truediv__`
* `tf.compat.v2.math.truediv`
* `tf.compat.v2.truediv`
* `tf.math.truediv`
* `tf.truediv`

``` python
tf.math.truediv(
    x,
    y,
    name=None
)
```



Defined in [`python/ops/math_ops.py`](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/r1.14/tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py).

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

NOTE: Prefer using the Tensor operator or tf.divide which obey Python
division operator semantics.

This function forces Python 3 division operator semantics where all integer
arguments are cast to floating types first.   This op is generated by normal
`x / y` division in Python 3 and in Python 2.7 with
`from __future__ import division`.  If you want integer division that rounds
down, use `x // y` or `tf.math.floordiv`.

`x` and `y` must have the same numeric type.  If the inputs are floating
point, the output will have the same type.  If the inputs are integral, the
inputs are cast to `float32` for `int8` and `int16` and `float64` for `int32`
and `int64` (matching the behavior of Numpy).

#### Args:


* <b>`x`</b>: `Tensor` numerator of numeric type.
* <b>`y`</b>: `Tensor` denominator of numeric type.
* <b>`name`</b>: A name for the operation (optional).


#### Returns:

`x / y` evaluated in floating point.



#### Raises:


* <b>`TypeError`</b>: If `x` and `y` have different dtypes.