page_type: reference
<style>{% include "site-assets/css/style.css" %}</style>

<!-- DO NOT EDIT! Automatically generated file. -->

# tf.contrib.eager.defun

``` python
tf.contrib.eager.defun(
    func=None,
    input_signature=None
)
```



Defined in [`tensorflow/python/eager/function.py`](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/r1.12/tensorflow/python/eager/function.py).

Compiles a Python function into a callable TensorFlow graph.

`defun` (short for "define function") trace-compiles a Python function
composed of TensorFlow operations into a callable that executes a <a href="../../../tf/Graph"><code>tf.Graph</code></a>
containing those operations. The callable produced by `defun` contains only
the subgraph of TensorFlow operations that were executed when the Python
function was called with a particular input signature, defined as a list
of the shapes and dtypes of the Python function's Tensor-valued arguments and
the values of its non-Tensor Python objects. In particular, `defun` is _not_ a
compiler for arbitrary Python code.

When eager execution is enabled, the ability to create graphs from Python
functions makes it possible to incrementally trade off debugability and
interactivity for performance.  Functions compiled with `defun` cannot be
inspected with `pdb` and `print` statements; however, executing a graph
generated by `defun` sometimes takes less time and memory than eagerly
executing the corresponding Python function, since specifying computations as
graphs allows for optimizations like automatic buffer reuse and
parallelization among ops. Note that executing a `defun`-compiled function
incurs a small constant overhead, so eagerly executing sufficiently small
Python functions might take less time than executing their corresponding
`defun`-generated graphs.

For a Python function to be compatible with `defun`, all of its arguments must
be hashable Python objects or lists thereof. The function itself may not
modify the list/map structure of its arguments. Additionally, it must return
zero or more <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a> objects. If the Python function returns
a <a href="../../../tf/Variable"><code>tf.Variable</code></a>, its compiled version will return the value of that variable
as a <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a>.

Executing a graph generated by `defun` respects device annotations (i.e.,
all `with tf.device` directives present in a Python function will also be
present in its corresponding graph), but it is not yet possible to execute the
generated graphs across multiple machines.

_Example Usage_

```python
import tensorflow as tf

tf.enable_eager_execution()

# A simple example.
def f(x, y):
  return tf.reduce_mean(tf.multiply(x ** 2, 3) + y)

g = tf.contrib.eager.defun(f)

x = tf.constant([[2.0, 3.0]])
y = tf.constant([[3.0, -2.0]])

# `f` and `g` will return the same value, but `g` will be executed as a
# TensorFlow graph.
assert f(x, y).numpy() == g(x, y).numpy()

# `defun` is capable of compiling Python functions that close over Python
# objects, including Tensors and Variables.
@tf.contrib.eager.defun
def h():
  return f(x, y)

assert (h().numpy() == f(x, y).numpy()).all()

# `defun` automatically lifts variables out of the graphs it creates,
# allowing you to compile the `call` methods of <a href="../../../tf/keras/layers/Layer"><code>tf.keras.layers.Layer</code></a> and
# <a href="../../../tf/keras/models/Model"><code>tf.keras.Model</code></a> objects.
class MyModel(tf.keras.Model):

  def __init__(self, keep_probability=0.2):
    super(MyModel, self).__init__()
    self.dense1 = tf.keras.layers.Dense(4, activation=tf.nn.relu)
    self.dense2 = tf.keras.layers.Dense(5, activation=tf.nn.softmax)
    self.keep_probability = keep_probability

  @tf.contrib.eager.defun
  def call(self, inputs, training=True):
    x = self.dense2(self.dense1(inputs))
    if training:
      return tf.nn.dropout(x, self.keep_probability)
    else:
      return x

model = MyModel()
model(x, training=True)  # executes a graph, with dropout
model(x, training=False) # executes a graph, without dropout

# `defun`-compiled functions are differentiable.
optimizer = tf.train.GradientDescentOptimizer(learning_rate=0.01)
with tf.GradientTape() as tape:
  outputs = model(x)
gradient = tape.gradient(outputs, model.trainable_variables)
optimizer.apply_gradients((grad, var) for grad, var in zip(gradient,
                          model.trainable_variables))
```

When using `defun`, there are subtleties regarding inputs, Python control
flow, and variable creation that one should be aware of. For concreteness, let
`f` be a Python function that returns zero or more <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a> objects and
let `F = defun(f)`. `F` builds a graph for each unique input signature it
sees, Python control flow is baked into graphs, and operations related to
variable initialization are automatically lifted out of the graphs that `F`
generates and placed in the eager context if executing eagerly or into an
outer graph otherwise.

_Input Signatures_
By default, `F = tf.contrib.eager.defun(f)` instantiates a separate graph
for every unique sequence of the shapes and dtypes of Tensor arguments and
the values of Python objects it is invoked with. For example, calling
`F(tf.random_uniform([2])` will execute a different graph than
`F(tf.random_uniform([3])` because the two inputs have different shapes.
The first time that `F(*args, **kwargs)` is called with a particular sequence
of Tensor shapes and dtypes and Python values, it constructs a graph by
tracing the execution of `f(*args, **kwargs)`; this graph is bound to an
input signature inferred from `(*args, **kwargs)` and cached for future reuse.

NumPy arrays passed as inputs to `F` are converted to <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a> objects
before being passed to `f`, and are treated as Tensors for caching. This
allows a function to be called multiple times with NumPy arrays having
different values but the same shape and dtype without re-tracing each time.

<a href="../../../tf/contrib/eager/defun"><code>tf.contrib.eager.defun</code></a> caches graphs for your convenience, letting you
define TensorFlow functions without explicitly specifying their signatures.
However, this policy is conservative and potentially expensive; for example,
when different invocations of your function have differently-shaped Tensor
inputs, this policy might generate more graph functions than necessary. To
eliminate such costs, <a href="../../../tf/contrib/eager/defun"><code>tf.contrib.eager.defun</code></a> allows you to supply an
optional `input_signature` argument specifying the shapes and dtypes of the
inputs. In particular, the shapes may be partially unspecified, with `None`s
in the unknown dimensions.  When an input signature is provided,
<a href="../../../tf/contrib/eager/defun"><code>tf.contrib.eager.defun</code></a> will only instantiate a single graph for the
decorated Python function. The following is an example:

```python
import tensorflow as tf

# The first `TensorSpec` below describes the shape and dtype of `words`,
# and the second describes the shape and dtype of `another_tensor`. Note that
# the last dimension of the `words` `TensorSpec` is left unspecified.
@tf.contrib.eager.defun(input_signature=[
  tf.contrib.eager.TensorSpec(shape=[50, 300, None], dtype=tf.float32),
  tf.contrib.eager.TensorSpec(shape=[300, 100], dtype=tf.float32)
])
def my_sequence_model(words, another_tensor):
  ...

# Note how the third dimension of the first input can vary freely.
words = tf.random_uniform(([50, 300, 10])
second_input = tf.random_uniform([300, 100])
my_sequence_model(words, second_input)

words = tf.random_uniform(([50, 300, 20])
my_sequence_model(words, second_input)

# Passing an input with an incompatible shape will raise an error.
words = tf.random_uniform(([50, 100, 20])
my_sequence_model(words, second_input)  # <---- This will raise an error.

```

Python functions that are compiled with an `input_signature` must only accept
Tensors as arguments and must not take unnamed keyword arguments (**kwargs).

_Tracing_
Be aware that because `F` only logs TensorFlow operations, all the other
Python code that `f` executes will only shape the _construction_ of the graphs
that `F` executes: the Python code won't be executed when the graphs
themselves are executed, though it will be executed every time the Python
function is traced (and a given Python function might be traced multiple
times, once for each input signature it is invoked with). For example, whereas
the Python function

```python
import tensorflow as tf
import numpy as np

tf.enable_eager_execution()

def add_noise():
  return tf.eye(5) + np.random.randn(5, 5)
```

will return a different output everytime it is invoked, the compiled function
`compiled = tf.contrib.eager.defun(add_noise)` will return the same value
every time it is called, since a particular random offset generated by NumPy
will be inserted into the graph as a TensorFlow constant. The solution is to
replace the call to `np.random.randn` with `tf.random_normal((5, 5))`.

_Python Side-Effects_
A corollary of the previous discussion on tracing is the following: If a
Python function `f` has Python side-effects, then executing `f` multiple times
will not necessarily be semantically equivalent to executing `F =
tf.contrib.eager.defun(f)` multiple times; this difference is due to the fact
that `defun` only captures the subgraph of TensorFlow operations that is
constructed when `f` is called in a graph-building context.

_Python Control Flow_.
The structure of many machine learning computations depend upon whether one is
training or validating, and it is common to nest specialized logic under `if
training:` blocks. By mapping each input signature to a unique graph, `defun`
lets users transparently compile such code, as the following code snippet
demonstrates:

```python
import tensorflow as tf

tf.enable_eager_execution()

@tf.contrib.eager.defun
def lossy_matmul(W, x, training=True):
  outputs = tf.matmul(W, x)
  if training:
    outputs = tf.nn.dropout(outputs, keep_probability=0.2)
  return outputs

W = tf.random_normal((3, 5))
x = tf.random_normal((5, 1))

# Executes a graph that applies dropout.
lossy_outputs = lossy_matmul(W, x, training=True)

# Executes a graph that does not apply dropout.
exact_outputs = lossy_matmul(W, x, training=False)
```

On the other hand, because `defun` generates graphs by tracing and not by
source code analysis, it fully unrolls Python `for` and `while` loops,
potentially creating large graphs. If your Python function has native loops
that run for many iterations, consider replacing them with <a href="../../../tf/while_loop"><code>tf.while_loop</code></a>
operations.

When constructing graphs, <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a> objects cannot be used as Python
`bool` objects. This means, for example, that you should replace code in `f`
resembling

```python

if tensor < 10:
  true_fn()
else:
  false_fn()
```

with `tf.cond(tensor < 10, true_fn, false_fn)`.

_Variables_
TensorFlow operations related to variable creation and initialization are
automatically lifted out of the graphs generated by `defun`. In practice, this
implies that variable creation and initialization only happen the first time
`F` is called, and that variables are reused every time thereafter. Many
TensorFlow APIs, like <a href="../../../tf/keras/layers/Layer"><code>tf.keras.layers.Layer</code></a> objects, create variables the
first time they are called and reuse them thereafter. Automatic variable
lifting makes it possible to compile these APIs without extra effort, at the
cost of introducing a discrepancy between the semantics of executing Python
functions and their corresponding compiled functions. For example:

```python
import tensorflow as tf

tf.enable_eager_execution()

def fn():
  x = tf.Variable(0.0)
  x.assign_add(1.0)
  return x.read_value()

# `fn` is a Python function, so x is created, initialized, and destroyed upon
# every invocation
assert fn().numpy() == fn().numpy() == 1.0

compiled = tf.contrib.eager.defun(fn)

# Compiling `fn` with `defun` hoists all variables outside of the generated
# graph, so initialization happens exactly once.
assert compiled().numpy() == 1.0
assert compiled().numpy() == 2.0
```

Finally, because each input signature is bound to a unique graph, if your
Python function constructs <a href="../../../tf/Variable"><code>tf.Variable</code></a> objects, then each graph constructed
for that Python function will reference a unique set of variables. To
circumvent this problem, we recommend against compiling Python functions that
create <a href="../../../tf/Variable"><code>tf.Variable</code></a> objects. Instead, Python functions should either
lexically close over <a href="../../../tf/Variable"><code>tf.Variable</code></a> objects or accept them as arguments,
preferably encapsulated in an object-oriented container. If you must create
variables inside your Python function and you want each graph generated for it
to reference the same set of variables, add logic to your Python function that
ensures that variables are only created the first time it is called and are
reused for every subsequent invocation; note that this is precisely what
<a href="../../../tf/keras/layers/Layer"><code>tf.keras.layers.Layer</code></a> objects do, so we recommend using them to represent
variable-bearing computations whenever possible.

#### Args:

* <b>`func`</b>: function to be compiled. If `func` is None, returns a
    decorator that can be invoked with a single argument - `func`. The
    end result is equivalent to providing all the arguments up front.
    In other words, defun(input_signature=...)(func) is equivalent to
    defun(func, input_signature=...). The former allows
    the following use case:
      @tf.contrib.eager.defun(input_signature=...)
      def foo(...):
        ...

* <b>`input_signature`</b>: A possibly nested sequence of
    <a href="../../../tf/contrib/eager/TensorSpec"><code>tf.contrib.eager.TensorSpec</code></a> objects specifying the shapes and dtypes of
    the Tensors that will be supplied to this function. If `None`, a separate
    function is instantiated for each inferred input signature.  If a
    signature is specified, every input to `func` must be a `Tensor`, and
    `func` cannot accept `**kwargs`.


#### Returns:

If `func` is not None, returns a callable that will execute the compiled
function (and return zero or more <a href="../../../tf/Tensor"><code>tf.Tensor</code></a> objects).
If `func` is None, returns a decorator that, when invoked with a single
`func` argument, returns a callable equivalent to the case above.


#### Raises:

* <b>`TypeError`</b>: If `input_signature` is neither `None` nor a sequence of
    <a href="../../../tf/contrib/eager/TensorSpec"><code>tf.contrib.eager.TensorSpec</code></a> objects.